I think good morning everyone think
that is passion, I come with all the
world I come with a lot of hope with
I really want to start because
come to a club like the betis
I think it says it all
so I really want to start
work to meet my new
companions and good little by little day by day
and profiling the daily work well and now
You see we have a great season and
we return to alberti where it deserves
Well, I'm telling you, I think there's a
big club a broad historical but
but with that you do not win no and in a
category as the second division all
we know we're going to make the rival to
beat because it's like that I hope that we
it is clear that we have to work at
one hundred percent from the first day that
let's start from Sunday until
until July 8, not because it's not going to
have truce the second division is very
long are 42 days
and there are many good moments many
bad times since it has mostly
Obviously tranquility and patience
I know we are a team that I have to
be up yes or yes and that what we 're going
to deal with the work of the coach as
new colleagues I think there's a very
good team and then with the people
new that we have incorporated and
knowing us and I tell you little by little
We will continue to see how it works
this real betis but with many
I want to start, I think any
I already said that on the first day
when it comes to any player you
I would like to be in the situation that I am
me so a first one to be here like that
that now work and give everything for this
club man that's how is to ask him
to this you have to ask him to July
I can only say that he is a coach
that the good thing is that it has a
tremendous hunger in this football has
the illusion much illusion and above all is
very hardworking and winning and that is so and
that which transmits to you and above all
as well
23 25 players that are on staff
He knows how to squeeze everyone and
how important it is not going to have eleven
players alone but there will be 25 and
nobody can relax because nobody
is going to be a starter or nobody is going to be a
substitute nor in those who are know who is
and summon here they are going to add all and already
you will see that here the important thing that
make a good group a good wardrobe
and the daily work then workouts
very intense very strong and finally at
out how it has to be that all the
world competition is high and good
because after all that will do
improve the whole world and they will be
victories and many points in the long run
a little
efe